okay i am back and i have the essentials
did you buy food no did you buy water no
did you buy soap no was there any toilet
paper
actually yes did you buy any no
okay what did you buy
check this out
what is that this bad boy got 25
wiimotion plus adapters for the nintendo
wii mode
why they were selling the whole thing
for like 20 bucks we're losing money not
buying it and how much is left uh four
dollars and eleven cents all right yeah
cool great
record
oh my god 2019 was a pretty good year
for games here are some jpegs but 2020
is shaping up to be in a league of its
own dude we all knew this year was gonna
be insane for games but oh my fucking
god dude
halo's finally back on the pc a video
game so good i'm making an entire video
about it i think i'm the first guy to do
that neo2 came out my friends really
liked this dude
jesus christ
my friends really liked that one call of
duty warzone deserves some credit for
being the first battle royale i can play
without wanting to dive into a trash
contractor we got another walking dead
spin-off which is just a survival
crafting game in vr
what a waste
but then you got fucking
[Music]
ori and the big tree a game so good i
think i like metroidvanias now every
single aspect of this game is not only
impressive in its own right it's also an
improvement over its predecessor which
was definitely fun but let down i think
by a lack of mobility and and some
spikes and difficulty
[Music]
luckily ori and the will of the wont has
come up with a number of very original
ideas such as recharging health using
energy replacing this terrible orb thing
with the big sword attack drilling
through the ground toggleable buffs with
additional sauce it can be unlocked by
overcoming so yeah to address the
elephant in the room it would appear
that uh moon studios copied off of
cherry's homework a little bit but we've
been doing that shit since the first
time somebody burst a video game you
know nothing's really original anyway
who cares
but anyway uh there's a much bigger
emphasis on movement this time around
and for good reason orie control's so
good that when i first picked up the
controller i was shitting by the end of
the game you'll have unlocked so much
stuff that you'll be pulling off moves
like latch onto that thing triple jump
dash forward launch yourself latch onto
the blue shit jump up there is so good
mastering the controls and being able to
string together shit like that feels
better than sex
and if there's one thing i know all
about
it's definitely sex it all ends to this
sense of freedom you know to explore and
navigate stuff your own way instead of
the way and the graphics i
you know the game like hollow knight
sure it's gorgeous but at least the
animator simp in me understands how it
works you know now look at ori
the story barely exists and what's there
isn't even that great but i think blue
moon's primary focus was uh to make you
feel emotions and thanks to the music
the art direction and the animation that
makes my cranium curve
i get chills every time
[Music]
it worked for me so i'm happy
not a week goes by before we get animal
crossing a series that hasn't gotten a
proper sequel in eight years that was
pretty good
the series has always been a bit surface
level for my taste but the sense of
progression here is stronger than ever i
i can't think of a better game to wake
up take a shit and get out of bed with
what else
exit the gungeon came out i might play
that
oh yeah
[Music]
do maternal is the new best shooting
game i haven't had this much fun taking
life in a video game since playing halo
for the first time while
seven the entire time i just had this
stupid ass smile you're always moving
always looking for ways to gain the
upper hand always being forced to think
creatively by all the different enemies
with unique behaviors and glory kills
and best methods of euthanasia
except for these guys i hate them
whoever made this uh send me your
address
we should talk it's so loud so corny so
needlessly over the top and stupid that
it becomes impossible to take seriously
and the best part is that doom knows
that key cards can be found floating in
mid-air you can find floppy disks
unlocking cheat codes doom can be played
in its entirety on the slayer's old dos
computer and his home office it is
unapologetically video gamey in all the
right ways the music is insane
the sound is impeccable
the art direction is absurd
and the gameplay makes me want to commit
real world acts of violence
highly recommended speaking of amazing
games where you take life
oh my god i remember earlier whenever i
said doom was the new best shooting game
that was actually a false statement
because half-life alex is the new best
shooting game the barber vr has been set
and
god damn it has been set high
it's amazing what a change in medium can
do to help or hinder the experience but
where most developers have elected to
show us why a lazy half-hearted port is
a a bad thing valve has shown us that if
you're careful with what works and what
doesn't and you really focus on how vr
changes shit and you take advantage of
how vr is different
hey russ
name a song flight of the bumblebee
coming right up
that's it
fuck dude i had no idea how much i
wanted this game until i played it like
yeah obviously half-life 3 those words
drip dopamine directly into my reptile
gamer brain but i had no fucking idea
how much i was going to like this can
you imagine working at valve and knowing
that you're making a goddamn
motherfucking on god shit you not made
by valve 13 fucking years later real
shit half-life video game
the expectations are astronomical and
props to the dev team for even having
the courage to release this thing never
mind somehow managing to actually make
it live up to the hype
it's tense
it's tactile
it's horrific
i love it it takes everything that works
about the half-life universe drags it by
its hair into the source 2 engine and
breathes new life into it in only a way
vr could
there's not just a freaky little
chameleon leaping at your face no
there's a fucking flesh gremlin trying
to suck you
you are getting shot at you are trapped
in a room with a wacky man capable of
ripping off your funny limbs the source
2 engine is in and of itself a technical
marvel and the decision for it to make
its first real debut in vr is genius
this is pure speculation but i think
valve did the pt thing where
environments are so small that you can
just cram a lot more stuff in without
lighting the computer on fire and it
still looks really good it's not
real
but it's kind of close
the screenshots and videos just really
don't do it justice just watching people
talk to me in this game it feels like
it feels like magic
so many little nuances and their
expressions such such attention to
detail i shit you not the beginning and
the ending which i'm gonna do my best
not to spoil had me straight up
enchanted dude words can't describe it
things go from hyper real to surreal to
unreal
[Music]
i've always loved the g-man as a
character he's just creepy and
mysterious and cool and i feel like i'm
being cursed when he speaks to me bro
there is a part
in this game where
i will not spoil but the g-man talks to
you and it's fucking creepy because a
photorealistic expressive slightly
uncanny valley guy
is effortlessly manipulating reality as
he talks directly to you
it's fuck this shit would just not have
the effect it does if it weren't for the
fact that you experience all of it first
hand grab something that represents us
grab something how about this
okay oh shit i feel like i finally got
the sensation those dumbass vr
commercials and let's players made me
think i was gonna get when i bought my
oculus oh oh no oh jesus if you already
have a vr you need to play this if you
don't find someone who does lifestyle a
fucking headset and give it a shot for
me for your boy like i said this year
has been fucking weird we've had so many
good games come out and shit there are
so many more on the way we and these are
just the ones that have come out already
we're also about to get final fantasy 7
rezzy three persona royale last of us
cyberpunk spongebob cuphead no more
heroes
stanley parable psychonauts rainbow six
quarantine that's an unfortunate choice
in branding call of duty every single
good halo game halo infinite fast and
furious for the original xbox we have
been gamers we have been gamers forever
and we are at an award show
ps5 xbox 4 stadia wastelanders even
hatsune miku project diva megamix holy
shit
oh
of course uh
with the way things have been going i i
wouldn't be surprised if a lot of these
get delayed but
you know a god might be out here playing
fucking plague inc but at least we have
some video games you know silver lining
i suppose anyway stay safe out there
wash your hand keep your distance from
people they they usually don't like it
when you get close to them anyway i've
tried and please stop buying all the
toilet paper i have not wiped my ass in
10 days
[Music]
foreign